thousands lined up outside a un
Distribution Center in Gaza City Aid is
slowly trickling into Northern Gaza
where the UN is warning of starvation 13
trucks in total managed to reach both
jabala and Gaza City after driving up
from the
south we hope this war ends and that we
enjoy security and that my husband
returns to me and that they provide food
for the people to eat a distribution has
been incredibly dangerous and difficult
in the north Within incidents of Israeli
forces bombing an open fire on handout
points accusations Israel
denies the lack of cooperation to allow
Aid in Foster has prompted a rare sea
shipment and the US has said it's
planning to build a floating dock to
increase sea deliveries
too air drops are also being used now
but they are dangerous and
inaccurate all methods other than land
access highlighting the abysmal failure
to get enough Aid
in there must be a process of
organization and Improvement in sending
Aid this method is for animals and cows
there are Crossings through which Aid
must pass Israel wants to kill and
displace us we are a people who have
lived on this land for thousands of
years they must take into account the
Dignity of the people being able to
speed up this process uh on the
landbased option is going to be really
should be the primary focus utilizing
more of the currently existing seven
Crossings as opposed to just ready the
raffer um and ideally the air crossing
from the north to feed the people of the
North and the raer Crossing from the
south to feed the areas of the South um
so I mean it's very frustrating because
we have all the logistical capabilities
and infrastructure in place to be able
to feed the people and get them what
they need we just need to get the aid in
quicker and this needs to happen
now 5 months into this war the daily
killing continues diplomatic talks
continue too the excruciating seemingly
slow motion back and forth that could
result in some respite for the people of
Gaza but it seems finding some form of
an agreement between Israel and Hamas is
taking time time the people of Gaza
simply don't have anymore Stephanie
Decker
alzer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz